Cookiesamurai (#11)
AutoResearch/autora-template-cookiecutter: {{ cookiecutter.__project_slug }}/README.md

## Quickstart Guide

### Create GitHub Repository

You should create a GitHub repository from the root folder of this project:

> - Create a new repository on GitHub with (You probably want to name the repository {{ cookiecutter.__project_slug }})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new repository on GitHub (a sensible name for the repository would be {{ cookiecutter.__project_slug }})
```

source venv/bin/activate
```

> ### Install dev Dependencies

Reviewer: is “dev” case sensitive? if not should probably follow title case and make it “Dev” or “Development”

Author: You are right. I changed it. Thanks!

*Example: The [Novelty Sampler](https://github.com/AutoResearch/autora-novelty-sampler) selects novel experiment 
conditions $X'$ with respect to a pairwise distance metric applied to existing experiment conditions $X$.*
{% endif -%}
{% elif cookiecutter.autora_contribution_type == "experiment_runner" -%}
### Experiment Runners
A method that orchestrates the collecting of observations for a given set of 
experiment conditions, which may include the recruitment of participants.<br>
*Example: The [Firebase-Prolific Runner](https://github.com/AutoResearch/autora-experiment-runner-firebase-prolific) 
enables the collection of behavioral data from human participants via web-based experiments hosted on 
[Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/), using a pool of participants registered through
[Prolific](https://www.prolific.co/).* <br>
{% if cookiecutter.experiement_runner_type == "recruitment_manager" -%}
*Recruitment Manager* is a method (or collection of methods) to recruit participants.<br>
*Example: The [Prolific Recruitment Manager](https://github.com/AutoResearch/autora-experiment-runner-recruitment-manager-prolific)
enables the recruitment of participants via Prolific.*

> {% elif cookiecutter.experiement_runner_type == "participation_manager" -%}

Reviewer: same here, are we changing the name from "Experimentation Manager" to "Participation Manager" or am i mixing things up?

*Experimentation Manager* is a method (or collection of methods) to handle the requisite experimentation processes.<br>
*Example: The [Firebase Experimentation Manager](https://github.com/AutoResearch/autora-experiment-runner-experimentation-manager-firebase)
enables the hosting of a web-based experiment on Firebase and the storage of conditions and observations via Firestore.*
{% endif -%}
{% elif cookiecutter.autora_contribution_type == "synthetic_data" -%}
### Synthetic Data 
A ground-truth model that implements a hypothesized relationship between experimental conditions
$X$ and observations $Y$. Synthetic models may act as objects of study for which the underlying mechanisms are known, 
and be used for benchmarking theorists and experimentalists in AutoRA in terms of
their ability to recover the underlying model from synthetic data, e.g., by acting as "synthetic participants".
*Example: The basic [Synthetic Data Package](https://github.com/AutoResearch/autora-synthetic-data) implements simple models of economic choice and psychophysics.*
{% endif -%}

### Step 1: Implement Your Code

> You may now add a your code to `src/autora/{{ cookiecutter.__full_path }}/__init__.py` file. You may 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may now add your code to `src/autora/{{ cookiecutter.__full_path }}/__init__.py` file. You may 
```

also add additional files in this folder. Just make sure to import the core function or class of your feature
in the `__init__.py` if it is implemented elswhere. 

### Step 2 (Optional): Add Tests

> It is highly encouraged to add unit tests to ensure your code is working as intended. These can be [doctests](https://docs.python.org/3/library/doctest.html) or as test cases in `tests/test_{{ cookiecutter.__python_name }}.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly encouraged to add unit tests to ensure your code is working as intended. These can be [doctests](https://docs.python.org/3/library/doctest.html) or test cases in `tests/test_{{ cookiecutter.__python_name }}.py`.
```
